A mouthful of shit like you
Mo Yan leaving you is the wisest choice
Do you know who he is?
Beihai Top Group
Shao Dongjia, a joint chamber of commerce that controls hundreds of billions of funds
What are you?
How dare you speak disrespectfully to him
Who am I?
It turned out to be another one relying on the family background
Playing pants tricks
Mo Yan Susan
You are all here
What are you still doing standing here?
Come in, don't be stunned
Why are there only a few of us?
Anybody else?
It should be here soon.
And today Gu Qing is also back
Why did Gu Qing suddenly return to Beihai?
Gu Qing is incredible now
Not only did electrodeless join
Also became the new agent of Wuji Electric in Beihai
This electrodeless is all over the world
Hegemony still wants
Not only did the guest room destroy Zhang
Min two families
Even the Jiang family, known as the King of the North Sea
It was also destroyed by it
The former head of Wu Ji Dian
If Beihai can befriend him
Presumably for all of us in the future
Is beneficial
Zhao Muyan asked your boyfriend to leave quickly
Lest Gu Qing come and see him like this in a while
They also have a sense of contempt for us